we're going to show you how to just fun
so you put your kid in the this budding
box and this helps a lot and keeping
still
so you like to feel where their horn
buzz our first just to make sure we
don't get on target both hands is a
little swirl right where we want to go
one kid
you see there's a copper ring inside
there and we're looking for a copper
ring or a white ring to pretend that way
you
we let the head cool off just for a
couple months and get the other side
almost done
then you can either leave the horn but
on and just kind of cap it with a
sideways pressure like this or you can
remove the cap and we've been removing
the cap lately it seems to work a little
better so apply put it over the
remaining horn bud and apply sideways
pressure that wasn't so bad was it yes
my teacher will help her heal faster
okay
you